Update changelog (#67)
astarte-platform/astarte-device-sdk-cpp: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [unreleased]
### Added
- A new Qt sample. The Qt sample shows how to use the Astarte device library in a Qt project.
- The CMake options: `ASTARTE_ENABLE_FORMAT` and `ASTARTE_PUBLIC_PROTO_DEP`.

> - The new classes: `AstarteDatastreamIndividual`, `AstartePropertyIndividual` and
>   `AstarteDatastreamObject` (renaming of `AstarteObject`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `AstarteDatastreamIndividual`, `AstartePropertyIndividual` and `AstarteDatastreamObject` (renaming of `AstarteObject`) classes, representing the different Astarte data types 
```

> - The new classes: `AstarteDatastreamIndividual`, `AstartePropertyIndividual` and
>   `AstarteDatastreamObject` (renaming of `AstarteObject`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `AstarteDatastreamIndividual`, `AstartePropertyIndividual` and `AstarteDatastreamObject` (renaming of `AstarteObject`) classes, representing the different Astarte data types 
```

> - A `get_starded.md` file has been added. Users can follow it for a step by step getting started
>   guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `get_starded.md`, a step by step guide useful to try the SDK functionalities
  guide.
```

### Changed

> - Bump the Astarte message hub proto definitions to v0.8.0. With this new proto version the
>   probuffer files are compiled together with the Astarte device library instead of being
>   pre-compiled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bump the Astarte message hub proto definitions to v0.8.0.
```

Do we want to keep the exlanation of the new protobuf version here?

Author: Nah, it can be removed

> - With the bump of the Astarte message hub proto to v0.8.0 the `USE_SYSTEM_GRPC` option has been
>   moved from this library to the Astarte message hub proto and prefixed with `ASTARTE_`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `USE_SYSTEM_GRPC` option has been moved to the Astarte message hub proto and prefixed with `ASTARTE_`.
```

- The `grpc` sample has been renamed to `simple`.
- The value contained in an Astarte message can now be directly converted to one of:
  `AstarteDatastreamIndividual`, `AstartePropertyIndividual` and `AstarteDatastreamObject` using the
  `into` method.
- The connection procedure is now asynchrnonous. When `connect` is called the device will attempt
  to connect untill the `disconnect` function is called or the object is destroyed. The device will
  use an exponential backoff to avoid network congestion.

> - Enums elements are now named using a k prefix and camel case format. This affects the
>   `AstarteType`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enums elements are now named using a k prefix and camel case format.
```
